The traditional ways of learning cs include majoring cs at colleges and studying popular cs classes online. But choosing those methods means you just follow
others' understanding of computer science. They are effective methods because you can get how most poeple in the field of computer science understand it. But it can hardly
bring up your own creations since you rarely have the chance to think about topics in computer science based on your understanding of the world. What you have
done is only to understand and then absorb other's discoveries and views.

Someone may argue that we have to follow others' ideas when people don't have enough basic knowledge of the world. But what is the basic knowledge of the world?
The first thing we learn about the world is from our parents and surroundings. We learn languages to name objects and their beheviors. We learn some living skills by controlling our bodies to achieve something. Those are our fundermental knowledge of the world.
So anyone having relatively large vocabulary and fair movement abilities can begin to learn any subjects in the world based on their understanding of the world! Of course, there has already been many subject intake from their family teaching. But most of these basic knowledge is objective because they are just names of different things.
Once you realize this point, you can begin to learn on your own. I'm not talking about traditional learning ways like listenning to teachers. They are important. You also use your own thinking abilityies when you are listening to others. But the main part of your brain focuses on understanding what others say instead of thinking on your mind!
You may argue that understanding others is also based on their own thinking abilities. Yes. The process is that you decode the information delivered by the speaker and...
And what? You either find it doesn't make sense based on your logic or just agree with it and store whatever you have received! 
That's the major problem of traditional learning methods because our brains are designed to accept and save the information in our memory once we understand it!
Actuallly it's a good as well as lazy process. It has been developed to help us learn about the environment faster and gain some advantages on natural selections.
But the funniest thing here is that the information from our peers can be easily wrong when the competition among us is getting intense. That's why you'd better not digest online information more than that you have learned at schools.
There are at least some strict evaluation processes of selecting what should be learned from schools. Sadly, some of the knowledge can also be wrong as we human keep exploring the world.
So it's necessary to master another learning method which can create knowledge based on your own understanding of the world.

Take learning computer science as an example: We can directly create our own learning journey because we have already got basic understanding of the world.

When you want to learn some subjects, the first thing comes to your mind is that you want to know what it is. So what is computer science?
Don't look at the boring definitions of computer science summarized by other experts. They are good summarizations but not the real thing you want to learn about.
When you ask "What", you should refer to the history of the subject because it can tell you the birth of what you are asking for. Before that, there is not that thing. Neither is your question nor your learning.

Tracking back to the age without computers, we can still find people always seek for tools to aid the process of calculation. In mathmatics, there is a great part of knowledge which describes how people conduct complex computation wisely.
Computer is just another tool that we invented to help us to do the process like how we create other machines or devices. How did we develop this kind of machine?
And how can we improve it? How can it be used to fix problems in daily life? All of these are included in computer science.
Similarly, you can use the three questions above to learn any subjects because that's just how we human live. No matter it is our language development or fundational subjects like math, physics, literture, arts and so on, all of them are just abstactions of the real world developed in our minds.
Math is a collection of signs 
