What do we learn about math at the begining?
Or we can ask how math was created? The following is an official version of math history from wikipedia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_mathematics#:~:text=The%20earliest%20evidence%20of%20written,of%20metrology%20from%203000%20BC.

But I want to bring up a new way of thinking about questions. Let's start from the most basic thing in math: number 1. What does 1 mean?
Most people may think it is easy to answer. 1 means there is only one subject. But how can we get the idea of 1 only by learning through fruits of different numbers in kindergraten?
We point at one apple and say there is only 1 apple. We point at another two apples and teach kids number 2. Ourr kids can easily use these numbers when we point at other fruits or candies in different number.
It seems like a pretty intuitive learning process. But the ability to use number 1 in different scenarios is acctually an ability of abstraction. This is the first component of math.
It's not like how we learn languages. People only need to correlate certain sounds and words with different objects when learning their mother tongue.
But when learning math, we need first abstract the concept such as 1 from specific objects. That's to say, we human have the natural ability to abstract things met in daily life.
And then we create certain signs to represent those abstracted concepts, which comprises the world of math. There is no physical existings in math world. So there is more possibilities for math, which may construct unexisting worlds.
When we try to utilize math in real world, we are applying those abstracted concepts onto specific objects. But not all concepts can be attached with things in real life.
There comes principles and all kinds of laws in math. Therefore, math is still a kind of languge which reflect how things behave in real world. The only difference is that math is only composed of abstract concepts. But human languages can stand for certain objects.
I guess people may hardly develop a kind of language to describe worlds beyond the one we are in because most languages and subjects we learned at school are all different kinds of representations of things in the world we are living.

Thinking of abstraction reminded me of the textbook we used in junior and senior high school in China. I remember there are four or five basic thinking modes or abilities when learning and exploring math.
They are summarized very concisely and inspirationally. I forgot what they are in exact words. The only thing I can bring here is abstraction, which includes comparation（类比） and summarization（化归） as is told in the textbooks.
But most students only care about how to get high scores for exams. So did I. But I could't help to read and think about those summarization.

Up till now, we can understand why some kids feel hard to learn basic concepts in math. Their brains haven't developed certain abilities to naturally get the abstraction of that certain group.
It doesn't mean that they are idiots or short in this ability, they are just in the process of growing or waking. Like different kinds of trees have different life cycles, all human beings have their own show time!
Just be patient and have faith in everyone and everything's genius!
